Updating the Colorcet About Us page (#47)
holoviz/colorcet: doc/about.rst

About
=====

Colorcet is completely open source, available under a BSD license freely for both commercial and non-commercial use. Colorcet was originally developed with the support of `Anaconda Inc. <https://anaconda.com>`_, and is now maintained by Anaconda developers and community contributors.

Colorcet is part of the `HoloViz <https://holoviz.org>`_ family of tools. The `holoviz.org <https://holoviz.org>`_ website shows how to use Colorcet together with other libraries to solve complex problems, with detailed tutorials and examples. You can see a variety of projects using Colorcet at `examples.pyviz.org <https://examples.pyviz.org>`_, and you can compare Colorcet to other available tools at `pyviz.org <https://pyviz.org>`_.

> If you are interested in contributing to Colorcet development to help address some of the `open issues <https://github.com/holoviz/colorcet/issues>`_, see our `developer instructions <https://pyviz-dev.github.io/colorcet/getting_started/index.html#developer-instructions>`_ to set up your development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in contributing to Colorcet development to help address some of the `open issues <https://github.com/holoviz/colorcet/issues>`_, see our `developer instructions <https://colorcet.holoviz.org/getting_started/index.html#developer-instructions>`_ to set up your development environment.
```
